we are benny and carine steveninck from
hamme
we play with the pigeons since
97 and with considerable success
yes here the magazine is the breeding loft
that says twenty breeding couples
mainly
same line 80% of my growers
all a line from chipo
Everyone here knows chicco and it is one
very tame friendly pigeon who like
young pigeon really ahead
asked to pick up and respond
shorten
she was also 1st provincial ace pigeon
young pigeons in the middle distance
here we are in the racing loft of the
cocks
there are twenty cocks all of them
play up to 600 kilometers
the partner always stays so this is
Willem II 1st provincial Ace bird
boost national 9th ​​national forest vlog
this is the racing loft of the young pigeons
second round
you will be anticipated and two departments
for cocks and for the wind
now a few thousand still put on that
still have to move upstairs to it
racing loft of the
Oh
this is sun the 1st national ace pigeon large
middle distance kbdb
It is an inbred the fin bred out
a grandchild chipo linked to one
daughter chipo
she has the first provincial
lasso sites the 3rd provincial
argenton
and the seventh provincial chateauroux
and then the 44th national
cat
this is look
krak is a son chipo
himself a very good pilot 1st
provincial bourges and 3rd national
ace pigeon
and 1st provincial ace pigeon the krak is one
very good pond
sons and daughters catch him flying
national including 19 national
chateauroux 51st national argenton
73rd 81st national shadow and
ninety one the national bourges
and have an exception for the auction
link made
this pigeon sit young
coupled with the mother of his
father
so with the mother of chili
now we have the shot 98 to do such a thing
and nest brother in effect and wax too
3rd national ace pigeon he has in his
you fly the first nine times
won a prize
he saw a superconductor his children
fly among others the fourth
provincial
montolivo the 6th provincial bush the
ninth provincial chateauroux
and the 13th and 14th provincial lasso
site for the auction also have something
done specially and I linked one
on his half-sister
that half-sister is the fine of the will
first national ace pigeon grand middle distance